Hi!

So, this is "A README file explaining how it works and any assumptions you’ve made".

Several classes have been designed to do the task. Description of classes and functions is made in PHPDoc style, with
description of data formats, so I don’t make sense to describe it here. I didn't know how it should be used, as
a module, as a composer package, etc., so I sketched it in the simplest way.

I respect the KISS design principles (Keep it simple. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KISS_principle) and
LAMPS (You aren't gonna need it. https://ru.wikipedia.org/wiki/YAGNI), but the assignment said:
"For this Head of Engineering (technical leadership) position, we're looking for you to spend 4-8 hours and do
significantly more than just model the problem" so I tried to complicate things a little.

I used the "factory" and the "singleton" design patterns, exceptions, although the task is quite simple and could of course do
without them. But I had to show my skills, that's why I complicated it a little.

To demonstrate the work, two demos were made:
  "simple" to run from the console or browser, there you need to change the input data right in the code.
  "web" to run from the browser with the implementation of a simple form and its simplest processing. I didn't spend
too much time on this, because in the assignment it was written:"And to avoid misunderstandings more should be focused
on process, infrastructure and orchestration type demos, not building a UI".

-------------------- ASSUMPTIONS --------------------

In the next version, I could make several primitive, maximally simplified classes without using any frameworks. For
example classes:
  Application
  Controller
  HtmlHelper
  Validator
  FormModel
  Log
  configuration file
  ...
and use them to make a more respectable demonstration of the web application.

It would also be possible to make the package "basket" separately downloadable using the composer in the next version.

I could do it on the weekend if you want.

Also, it would be possible to add DB and a class for
work with API and make a demonstration of work in the mode of a microservice. Using simple API functions like:
  initBasket
  addProduct
  total

Best regards,
Dmitry
